Python: Shape Classes with Area MethodImplement two classes: Rectangle:The constructor for Rectangle must take two arguments that denote the lengths of the rectangle's sides.The class must have an area method that returns the area of the rectangle. Circle:The constructor for Circle must take one argument that denotes the radius of the circle.The Circle class must have an area method that returns the area of the circle. To implement the area method, use a precise Pi value, preferably the constant math.pi. Your implementation of all the classes will be tested by a provided code stub on several input files. Each input file contains several queries, and each query constructs an object of one of the classes and prints the area of this object to the standard output with exactly 2 decimal points. Constraints1 ≤ the number of queries in one test file ≤ 1051 ≤ the value of all parameters passed to construct the objects ≤ 103 Input Format Format for Custom TestingIn the first line, there is a single integer, q, the number of queries.Then, q lines follow. In the ith of them, there are space-separated parameters. The first of them denotes the shape to be constructed, and the remaining parameters denote the parameters for the constructor.Sample Case 0Sample InputSTDIN Function----- --------2 → number of queries, q = 2circle 1 → query parameters = ["circle 1", "rectangle 2 3"]rectangle 2 3Sample Output3.146.00ExplanationThere are 2 queries. In the first of them, an object of class Circle with radius 1 is constructed. Then, the value of its area property, with exactly 2 decimal points, is printed to the output. Since the radius of the circle is 1, then the printed area is 3.14 (pi * radius2). In the second query, the object of class Rectangle is constructed with side lengths of 2 and 3. Then, the value of its area property, with exactly 2 decimal points, is printed to the output. Since the side lengths are 2 and 3, then the printed area is 6.00.Sample Case 1Sample InputSTDIN Function----- --------3 → number of queries, q = 3rectangle 5 7 → query parameters = ["rectange 5 7", "rectangle 7 5", "circle 1000"]rectangle 7 5circle 1000Sample Output35.0035.003141592.65ExplanationThere are 3 queries. In the first of them, an object of class Rectangle with side lengths of 5 and 7 is constructed. Then, the value of its area property (5 * 7 = 35), with exactly 2 decimal points, is printed to the output (35.00). The second query likewise returns the same result, since (7 * 5 = 35). In the third query, an object of class Circle with radius 1000 is constructed. Then, the value of its area property, with exactly 2 decimal points is printed to the output. Since the radius of the circle is 1000, then the printed area is (pi * 10002) = 3141592.65.
